// For more info visit https://faq.ftb.world/books/ftb-utilities/page/ranks

[player]
default_player_rank: true
power: 1
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.spawn: true
ftbutilities.back.warp: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
command.ftbutilities.tpa: true
command.ftbutilities.spawn: true
command.ftbutilities.rtp: false
command.ftbutilities.fly: false
command.ftbutilities.god: false
command.ftbutilities.inv: false
command.ftbutilities.killall: false
command.ftbutilities.heal: false
command.ftbutilities.leaderboard: false
command.ftbutilities.mute: false
command.ftbutilities.nbtedit: false
command.ftbutilities.nick: false
command.ftbutilities.ranks: false
command.ftbutilities.rec: false
command.ftbutilities.tpl: false
command.ftbutilities.setwarp: false
command.ftbutilities.delwarp: false

[vip]
power: 20
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&bVIP {name}&r>
example.other_permission: true
example.permission_with_value: 15

[admin]
default_op_rank: true
power: 100
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2{name}&r>
example.permission_with_value: 100
